# codefundo++
# team_name: Amelioration
# Pratik, Dev and Kartik
# goyal.9@iitj.ac.in
# lathiya.1@iitj.ac.in
# vyas.2@iitj.ac.in
The whole process is divided into three parts. First the users will register, then the voting will be done on the website and then vote countinng will take place.
The user must have internet access to register and vote. He/She must have smartphone/laptop  and front-facing camera. Places such as cyber cafes, technology institiutions can be setup with a system for the ones who are not equipped with such facilities.
A backend database will be formed which will have the information of all the citizens in the country, Aadhar Card can be used for creating such a database for our country. The user will register on the website and the information will be checked with the help of the backend database. A photo will be taken during the registration process and will be saved as it has a key role to play during the voting process. The user is allowed to form an account if all the information matches, the user is given a unique ID and is asked to set a password. The unique ID and photograph will not be linked to the user's account ensuring anonymity and privacy of the user. This same account can be used over the years and for the next elections as well. 
The next big step involves voting of the users. On the day of voting, each candidate/party will be given an account on the blockchain where they will receive their votes. One more account will also be formed [Abstain Account] which will get all the abstained votes(the users who do not vote).
On the voting day, each candidate would be given a token (some form of currency like ether which cannot be mined easily). The user will login with the id and password already allotted. The photo of the user will be taken and will be matched to the one taken during the registration. A short video will also be recorded and with the help of Affectiva API machine learning system, the emotions of the users will be identified. If the system detects fear, the voting is canceled and the user is asked to login again after one hour. If the same happens again and fear is detected, then the user needs to report to the local polling center such as a cyber cafe in order to cast a vote. This will reduce the cases of forced voting drastically. Each voter is asked to select his/her candidate.
The last big step of voting is the counting of votes. It can be done very easily. The currency that was allotted will be transferred to the account of candidate/party whom the voters choose. For the users who registered but did not cast their votes, their currency will be transferred to the abstain account in order to make sure that their votes do not get misused.
Finally, the candidate/party with the maximum number of currency will win the elections.
